chore: Forge v6 blog post (#278)
electron/electronjs.org-new: blog/forge-v6-release.md

### Making it official

Historically, the Electron project has been unopinionated about build tooling, leaving the task to various community-maintained packages. However, with Electron maturing as a project, it has become harder for new Electron developers to understand which tools they need to build and distribute their apps to users.
To help guide Electron developers in the distribution process, **we have have decided to make Forge the official batteries-included build pipeline for Electron**. Over the past year, we have been slowly integrating Forge into the official Electron documentation, and we have most recently moved Forge over from its old home in electron-userland/electron-forge to the [electron/forge](https://github.com/electron/forge) repo.

## Initializing a new Electron project with Forge v6

Getting started with Electron Forge can be done easily with the following commands:

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Yarn" label="Yarn" default>

```bash
  yarn create electron-app my-app --template=webpack
  cd my-app
  yarn start
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="NPM" label="NPM">

```bash

>   npx create-electron-app@latest my-app --template=webpack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  npm init electron-app@latest my-app --template=webpack
```

Reviewer 2: [ff67c09](https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org-new/pull/278/commits/ff67c0909120f29a46fbc9cf9aa0bfe69ed577cd)

---

> title: Electron Forge v6 Stable Release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Electron Forge v6.0.0
```

date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  - name: georgexu99
    url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99.png?size=96'
  - name: vertedinde
    url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde.png?size=96'
slug: forge-v6-release-blog
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

The Electron Forge Team is excited to announce that Forge v6 is now available! This stable release contains many significant new features and improvements. Highlights of this release include the addition of our Webpack plugin as well as the introduction of the Forge Core and CLI APIs.

## What Does Switching to Stable Mean?

During our time in a beta release state, our team has been busy refactoring Forge’s code, improving its architecture, creating new features as well as ironing out bugs and issues.

> Now that we are done making changes, we’re ready to release a stable version of Forge!

Reviewer 2: > Now that we are done making changes

Is this the answer to "What Does Switching to Stable Mean"? Doesn't seem right to me.

Author: "now that we are done making _major breaking_ changes"?

## Upgrading to Forge v6

> Forge will try to migrate from Electron Forge v5 automatically as much as possible, but some of it may need to be migrated manually. Importing your settings can be done with the same process as importing an existing Electron app to Forge:

Reviewer 2: Forge v5 is pretty dead already compared to Forge v6, since we've been pushing the betas for years now: https://npmtrends.com/@electron-forge/core-vs-electron-forge

The number of people switching from v5 would drastically be outnumbered by:
* Developers using v6 beta and wanting to learn about what "stable" means for the project
* Developers using Builder and wanting to migrate over
* Developers using their own packager/osx-sign/etc. pipeline and looking to migrate over

IMO this blog post should be rewritten to those three crowds rather than for a v5 -> v6 migration.

Author: 👀 really good point, we haven't addressed points 2 and 3 much.

Author: Adding a benefits of using electron forge section- is community engagement and beta testing from larger companies ie. slack something we want to push?

 think forge is ~1k weekly while core/cli are ~30. Should I axe the migration section

Reviewer 2: > Adding a benefits of using electron forge section- is community engagement and beta testing from larger companies ie. slack something we want to push?

I think one of the main points is that Forge will be kept up to date with the newest Electron tooling updates (e.g. universal builds, ASAR integrity, etc.). If you're coming from Builder, you don't have to wait for their maintainers to implement it. If you're coming from your own tooling pipeline, you don't have to figure out how to wire in the features yourselves.

Reviewer 2: > think forge is ~1k weekly while core/cli are ~30. Should I axe the migration section

I think Forge v5 migration isn't that useful. Migrating from an existing project is probably something that you want to include. It should be better documented as well in our Forge docs, since all we have is "run the import script and hope it works".

Forge v6 comes with a [webpack template] that makes use of the new `@electron-forge/plugin-webpack` module, plus some preset Webpack configuration options. Configuration instructions can be found in the [docs](https://www.electronforge.io/config/plugins/webpack).

The addition of webpack support brings several webpack features to your Forge app. Notable features include but are not limited to:
- Hot module reloading
- DevServer support
- Adding content security policies
- Native module support

## The Forge API Has Moved

The Forge v5 API has been refactored into its own separate node module. The new refactored Forge [Core API] exposes the v5 Forge API methods as well as a number of utility functions to Node, allowing you call them from within your own code.

This release also adds access to the Core API from your command line interface in the form of another [CLI API]. At a high level, this is a wrapper for the Forge Core API that is accessible from the terminal.

> ## Breaking Changes:

Reviewer 2: What is this changelog comparing to? It's not very relevant if it's from v5 since v6 was a complete rewrite

Author: Changelog indeed refers to v5 -> v6. Should we have a breaking changes / changelog section at all then?

Reviewer 2: I would add the breaking changes from the final beta IMO.

#### Renamed Electron Rebuild config ([#2963](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2963))

For consistency with the `packagerConfig` option for `electron-packager`, the field to configure `electron-rebuild` has now been shortened to `rebuildConfig`.

```diff
{
-  electronRebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
+  rebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
}
```

#### Renamed `identity-validation` to`identityValidation` ([#2959](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2959))

The field to configure `identity-validation` has now been shortened to `identityValidation`.

```diff
{
-  identity-validation: ""
+  identityValidation: ""
}
```

#### removed `@electron-forge/template-typescript` template ([#2948](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/fc9421d513300b98c987af41ae71cb5d7e696fd1))

#### Removed `install` command ([#2958](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/6b215b0c1d91c998bb2ab953b502e87868527ed9))

## A call to action:

> Tell us what you need! The Electron Forge Team is always looking to build the project to better suit its users. You can help us improve Electron Forge by submitting feature requests, posting [issues](https://github.com/electron/forge/issues), or just letting us know your feedback!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell us what you need! The Electron Forge Team is always looking to build the project to better suit its users. 

You can help us improve Electron Forge by submitting feature requests, posting [issues](https://github.com/electron/forge/issues), or just letting us know your feedback! You can also join us in the [official Electron Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/electronjs), where there is a dedicated channel for Electron Forge.
```

Author: Thanks! I remember pushing this discord link up on friday but i guess somewhere it got lost :P

date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  - name: georgexu99
    url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99.png?size=96'
  - name: vertedinde
    url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde.png?size=96'
  - name: erickzhao
    url: 'https://github.com/erickzhao'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/erickzhao.png?size=96'
slug: forge-v6-release-blog
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

The Electron Forge Team is excited to announce that Forge v6 is now available! This stable release contains many significant new features and improvements. Highlights of this release include the addition of our Webpack plugin as well as the introduction of the Forge Core and CLI APIs.

## What does a stable release mean?

During our time in a beta release state, our team has been busy refactoring Forge’s code, improving its architecture, creating new features as well as ironing out bugs and issues.

A stable release means that we are done making major breaking changes, and that beta changes have been tested thoroughly both internally and through the community.

> ## Why switch to Forge from an existing pipeline?

Reviewer 2: I would add an Installation section before this maybe?

If your app already uses an existing build tooling solution that provides packaging and publishing capabilities, the benefits associated with adopting Electron Forge can still outweigh the initial switching cost.

We believe there are two main advantages to using Forge:

1. *Forge receives new features for application building as soon as they are supported in Electron*. This means that alongside the implicit features and plugins that Forge provides, users won't need to wire in new tooling support themselves, or wait for that support to be eventually implemented by other packages before upgrading. This reduction in the burden of maintenance for Forge applications has already been observed when Electron released `@electron/universal` [support](https://github.com/electron/universal) as well as [ASAR Integrity checking](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/asar-integrity), which were features that Forge supported out of the box.

> 2. *Forge's multi-package architecture makes it easier to understand and extend.* Forge was built with the intention of supporting custom plugins, makers and publishers. Since Forge is made up of so many smaller packages with clear responsibilities, it is easier to follow code flow. In addition, Forge's extensible API design means that you can write your own additional build logic separate from the provided configuration options for advanced use cases. For more details on extensibility, see the [Extending Electron Forge] section of the docs, or visit the ["Why Electron Forge"](https://www.electronforge.io/core-concepts/why-electron-forge) section of our docs to learn more about the benefits that Forge offers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. *Forge's multi-package architecture makes it easy to understand and extend.* Forge was built with the intention of supporting custom plugins, makers and publishers. Since Forge is made up of many smaller packages with clear responsibilities, it is easier to follow code flow. In addition, Forge's extensible API design means that you can write your own additional build logic separate from the provided configuration options for advanced use cases. For more details on extensibility, see the [Extending Electron Forge] section of the docs, or visit the ["Why Electron Forge"](https://www.electronforge.io/core-concepts/why-electron-forge) section of our docs to learn more about the benefits that Forge offers.
```

Forge v6 comes with a [webpack template] that makes use of the new `@electron-forge/plugin-webpack` module, plus some preset Webpack configuration options. Configuration instructions can be found in the [docs](https://www.electronforge.io/config/plugins/webpack).

The addition of webpack support brings several webpack features to your Forge app. Notable features include but are not limited to:
- Hot module reloading
- DevServer support
- Adding content security policies
- Native module support

## The Forge API has moved

If you aren't already on the beta version of Forge, since the previous stable release the Forge v5 API has been refactored into its own separate node module. The new refactored Forge [Core API] exposes the v5 Forge API methods as well as a number of utility functions to Node, allowing you call them from within your own code.

> This release also adds access to the Core API from your command line interface in the form of another [CLI API]. At a high level, this is a wrapper for the Forge Core API that is accessible from the terminal.

Reviewer 3: Forge v5 had a CLI, it's only the core API that's new.  I would remove this bit

> This release also adds access to the Core API from your command line interface in the form of another [CLI API]. At a high level, this is a wrapper for the Forge Core API that is accessible from the terminal.

Reviewer 2: This should be a small detail in the Installation section rather than its own section.

If we want to talk about Core commands and CLI, we could make that part of a "What is Forge" overview section.

> ## Upgrading to Forge v6

Reviewer 2: Since we're using the same `import` command for Forge v5 and non-Forge apps we should make this part of the aforementioned Installation section.

```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Manual migration details can be found in the Forge [import documentation]. Further help can be offered in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/f4cH9BzaDw).

## Breaking changes:

Forge has spent a considerable time in beta development; this is a list of breaking changes made in recent betas, so that users who have been using the later beta versions in their apps can more easily transition to the stable release.

_A complete list of changes and commits can be found [here](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)_.

#### Changed plugin configuration syntax ([#2963](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2963))

The `plugins` array now takes objects containing an object with properties `name` and `config`, rather than tuples containing the plugin name and config.

This aligns the syntax for this configuration with the `publishers` and `makers` arrays.

```diff
{
  plugins: [
-      [
-        '@electron-forge/plugin-webpack',
-        { /* ... */ }
-      ]
+
+      {
+        name: '@electron-forge/plugin-webpack',
+        config: { /* ... */ }
+      }
 ]
}
```

> #### Prefer forge.config.ts over package.json config ([#2991](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/777197e5))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Prefer forge.config.js over package.json config ([#2991](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/777197e5))
```

  - This change affects the init and import commands. It changes these commands to create a forge.config.js rather than creating config.forge in your package.json.
  - The internal signature of `Plugin.getHook(name)` has been changed to `Plugin.getHooks(name)` [#2995](https://github.com/electron/forge/pull/2995) as part of these changes.
  - This is considered a breaking change for any third-party templates because the base template no longer sets up a config.forge object, and any template-specific mutations to the Forge config should instead be performed on the forge.config.js file.
  - templates that mutated the Forge config within `package.json` will need to instantiate their own `forge.config.js` or `forge.config.ts`

#### Upgraded Maker Wix dependency to `electron-wix-msi@5.0.0` ([3008](https://github.com/electron/forge/pull/3008)))
  - This upgrade includes a rename from `appIconPath` to `icon` in the config ([#153](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-wix-msi/pull/153)).

> #### Upgraded Node.js to 14 LTS ([#2921](https://github.com/electron/forge/pull/2921))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Upgraded Required Node.js to 14 LTS ([#2921](https://github.com/electron/forge/pull/2921))
```

#### Upgraded Package dependency to `electron-packager@17` ([#2978](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2978))

The upgrade to Electron Packager 17 introduces the shiny new `@electron/osx-sign` package for macOS code signing. It's a rewrite of the old `electron-osx-sign` tool with more sensible defaults.

To migrate, we recommend seeing if the default `packagerConfig.osxSign` options work for you and tweaking the default entitlements to your needs. Otherwise, see the `@electron/osx-sign` [MIGRATION.md](https://github.com/electron/osx-sign/blob/main/MIGRATION.md) doc for a 1:1 conversion from the old config options to the new ones.

#### Renamed Electron Rebuild config ([#2963](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2963))

> For consistency with the `packagerConfig` option for `electron-packager`, the field to configure `electron-rebuild` has now been shortened to `rebuildConfig`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For consistency with the `packagerConfig` option for `electron-packager`, the field to configure `@electron/rebuild` has now been shortened to `rebuildConfig`.
```

```diff
{
-  electronRebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
+  rebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
}
```

#### Renamed `identity-validation` to`identityValidation` ([#2959](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2959))

The field to configure `identity-validation` has now been shortened to `identityValidation`.

```diff
{
-  identity-validation: ""
+  identityValidation: ""
}
```

> #### removed `@electron-forge/template-typescript` template ([#2948](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/fc9421d513300b98c987af41ae71cb5d7e696fd1))

Reviewer 3: Should we point people at `template-webpack-typescript` instead?

---
title: Electron Forge v6.0.0
date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  - name: georgexu99
    url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/georgexu99.png?size=96'
  - name: vertedinde
    url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/vertedinde.png?size=96'
  - name: erickzhao
    url: 'https://github.com/erickzhao'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/erickzhao.png?size=96'
slug: forge-v6-release
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

We are excited to announce that Electron Forge v6.0.0 is now available! This release marks the first major of Forge since 2018 and moves Forge from its home in `electron-userland` into the main Electron organization on Github. Keep on reading to see what's new and how your app can adopt Electron Forge!

## What is Forge?

Electron Forge is a tool for packaging and publishing Electron applications. It unifies Electron's build tooling ecosystem into a single extensible interface so that anyone can jump right into making Electron apps.

> Visit the ["Why Electron Forge"](https://www.electronforge.io/core-concepts/why-electron-forge)section of our docs to learn more about Forge and the benefits that it offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the ["Why Electron Forge"](https://www.electronforge.io/core-concepts/why-electron-forge) section of our docs to learn more about Forge and the benefits that it offers.
```

### Making it official

Historically, the Electron project has been unopinionated about build tooling, leaving the task to various community-maintained packages. However, with Electron maturing as a project, it has become harder for new Electron developers to understand which tools they need to build and distribute their apps to users.
To help guide Electron developers in the distribution process, **we have have decided to make Forge the official batteries-included build pipeline for Electron**. Over the past year, we have been slowly integrating Forge into the official Electron documentation, and we have most recently moved Forge over from its old home in electron-userland/electron-forge to the [electron/forge](https://github.com/electron/forge) repo.

## Installing / upgrading to Forge v6

:::info

> This section assumes you have a pre-existing project. If you are looking to get started with a new Forge project,head on to the [Getting Started] section in the docs. 

Reviewer: Super nit:
```suggestion
This section assumes you have a pre-existing project. If you are looking to get started with a new Forge project, head on to the [Getting Started] section in the docs. 
```

### Making it official

Historically, the Electron project has been unopinionated about build tooling, leaving the task to various community-maintained packages. However, with Electron maturing as a project, it has become harder for new Electron developers to understand which tools they need to build and distribute their apps to users.
To help guide Electron developers in the distribution process, **we have have decided to make Forge the official batteries-included build pipeline for Electron**. Over the past year, we have been slowly integrating Forge into the official Electron documentation, and we have most recently moved Forge over from its old home in electron-userland/electron-forge to the [electron/forge](https://github.com/electron/forge) repo.

## Installing / upgrading to Forge v6

:::info

This section assumes you have a pre-existing project. If you are looking to get started with a new Forge project, head on to the [Getting Started] section in the docs. 

:::

> Forge will try to migrate from Electron Forge v5 automatically as much as possible using the same process as importing an existing Electron app to Forge. Some of it may need to be migrated manually. Importing your settings can be done using the [CLI API] node module, which at a high level is a wrapper for the Forge [Core API] that is accessible from the terminal.

Reviewer 2: We say that migrating from v5 is "the same process" as importing an existing app to Forge, but this is a bit weirdly-phrased because we don't explain what that "same" process is.

Last sentence isn't too useful since we have the code snippet already.

```suggestion
When you use the `import` command, Electron Forge will add a few core dependencies and create a new `forge.config.js` configuration. If you have any existing build tooling (e.g. Electron Packager, Electron Builder, Forge v5), it will try to migrate as many settings as possible. Some of your existing configuration may need to be migrated manually.
```

I would also move this command below the Tabs.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Yarn" label="Yarn" default>

```
   cd my-app
   yarn add --dev @electron-forge/cli
   yarn electron-forge import
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="NPM" label="NPM">

```
   cd my-app
   npm install --save-dev @electron-forge/cli
   npm exec --package=@electron-forge/cli -c "electron-forge import"
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Manual migration details can be found in the Forge [import documentation]. Further help can be offered in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/f4cH9BzaDw).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manual migration details can be found in the Forge [import documentation]. If you need help, please stop by the Electron [Discord](https://discord.gg/f4cH9BzaDw) server.
```

less passive tone

## Why switch to Forge from an existing pipeline?

> If your app already uses an existing build tooling solution that provides packaging and publishing capabilities, the benefits associated with adopting Electron Forge can still outweigh the initial switching cost.

Reviewer 2: I'd be more general in the intro sentence

```suggestion
If you already have tooling for packaging and publishing your Electron app, the benefits associated with adopting Electron Forge can still outweigh the initial setup cost.
```

Author: Gonna keep the word `switching` cost, I think it first the definition of what the user is doing a bit more (nit)
 feel free to push back if you feel strongly abt it though

> We believe there are two main advantages to using Forge:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We believe there are two main benefits to using Forge:
```

> 1. *Forge receives new features for application building as soon as they are supported in Electron*. This means that alongside the implicit features and plugins that Forge provides, users won't need to wire in new tooling support themselves, or wait for that support to be eventually implemented by other packages before upgrading. This reduction in the burden of maintenance for Forge applications has already been observed when Electron released `@electron/universal` [support](https://github.com/electron/universal) as well as [ASAR Integrity checking](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/asar-integrity), which were features that Forge supported out of the box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. *Forge receives new features for application building as soon as they are supported in Electron*. This means that alongside the implicit features and plugins that Forge provides, users won't need to wire in new tooling support themselves, or wait for that support to be eventually implemented by other packages before upgrading. For recent examples, see [`@electron/universal`](https://github.com/electron/universal) and [ASAR Integrity checking](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/asar-integrity).
```

Getting straight to the point

> 1. *Forge's multi-package architecture makes it easy to understand and extend.* Forge was built with the intention of supporting custom plugins, makers and publishers. Since Forge is made up of many smaller packages with clear responsibilities, it is easier to follow code flow. In addition, Forge's extensible API design means that you can write your own additional build logic separate from the provided configuration options for advanced use cases. For more details on extensibility, see the [Extending Electron Forge] section of the docs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. *Forge's multi-package architecture makes it easy to understand and extend.* Forge was built with the intention of supporting custom plugins, makers and publishers. Since Forge is made up of many smaller packages with clear responsibilities, it is easier to follow code flow. In addition, Forge's extensible API design means that you can write your own additional build logic separate from the provided configuration options for advanced use cases. For more details on extensibility, see the [Extending Electron Forge] section of the docs.
```

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org-new/pull/278#discussion_r1009869856 😄

---
title: Electron Forge v6.0.0

> date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 2022-11-03T00:00:00.000Z
```

Historically, the Electron project has been unopinionated about build tooling, leaving the task to various community-maintained packages. However, with Electron maturing as a project, it has become harder for new Electron developers to understand which tools they need to build and distribute their apps to users.
To help guide Electron developers in the distribution process, **we have have decided to make Forge the official batteries-included build pipeline for Electron**. Over the past year, we have been slowly integrating Forge into the official Electron documentation, and we have most recently moved Forge over from its old home in electron-userland/electron-forge to the [electron/forge](https://github.com/electron/forge) repo.

## Initializing a new Electron project with Forge v6

Getting started with Electron Forge can be done easily with the following commands:

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Yarn" label="Yarn" default>

```bash
   yarn create electron-app my-app --template=webpack
   cd my-app
   yarn start
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="NPM" label="NPM">

```bash
   npx create-electron-app@latest my-app --template=webpack
   cd my-app
   npm start
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> These commands will yield a directory called `my-app` with an ultra-minimal Electron app boilerplate inside.  If you head into that directory and start up the app, you'll be all set to start developing. Running the `make` command after these steps will package your Electron app into platform specific distributables for you to share with the world. For more information on how to get started, visit the [Getting Started] section in the docs.

Reviewer 2: > an ultra-minimal Electron app boilerplate inside

I don't think that's accurate with the `--template=webpack` flag enabled

### Introducing the webpack plugin

> This release adds webpack support to your build pipeline via the new `@electron-forge/plugin-webpack` module. To get you up and running as fast as possible, Forge v6 comes with a [webpack template], which we have slipped into the initialization commands above. This will add some preset webpack configuration options to your project.

Reviewer 2: > , which we have slipped into the initialization commands above.

would prefer explaining it above rather than saying that here

> The addition of this webpack plugin brings several webpack features to your Forge app. Notable features include but are not limited to:
> - DevServer support,
>   - Hot module reloading,
> - Adding content security policies, and,
> - Native module support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin integrates webpack with Electron Forge in a few ways:
- Enhanced local development flow with `webpack-dev-server`, including support for Hot Module Replacement in the renderer.
- Handles build logic for webpack bundles before the Package step.
- Support for Native Node modules in the webpack bundling process
```

Author: > This plugin integrates webpack with Electron Forge in a few ways, including:
- Enhancing the local development flow with `webpack-dev-server`, including support for Hot Module Replacement in the renderer,
- Handling build logic for webpack bundles before the Package step, and,
- Adding support for Native Node modules in the webpack bundling process.

modifying the styling for sentence-style bullet lists

Reviewer 2: > sentence-style bullet lists

I don't use these often but various style guides I see online punctuate this differently: no capital letters since it's the same sentence, semicolons between bullet points, and no comma on the last `and`.

> This plugin integrates webpack with Electron Forge in a few ways, including:
> 
> * enhancing the local development flow with webpack-dev-server, including support for Hot Module Replacement in the renderer;
> * handling build logic for webpack bundles before the Package step; and
> * adding support for Native Node modules in the webpack bundling process.

Author: hmm i guess I learned a diff style guide, but happy with this one, generally a fan of sentence-style bullet list

Author: on further review yeah good catch- the style guide I learned was with semicolons and lowercase (though i dont think the comma at the end of `and,` really matteres

happy with using this formatting since I generally prefer sentence-style bullets

We believe there are two main benefits to using Forge:

1. *Forge receives new features for application building as soon as they are supported in Electron*. This means that alongside the implicit features and plugins that Forge provides, users won't need to wire in new tooling support themselves, or wait for that support to be eventually implemented by other packages before upgrading. For recent examples, see [`@electron/universal`](https://github.com/electron/universal) as well as [ASAR Integrity checking](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/asar-integrity).

1. *Forge's multi-package architecture makes it easy to understand and extend.* Forge was built with the intention of supporting custom plugins, makers and publishers. Since Forge is made up of many smaller packages with clear responsibilities, it is easier to follow code flow. In addition, Forge's extensible API design means that you can write your own additional build logic separate from the provided configuration options for advanced use cases. For more details on extensibility, see the [Extending Electron Forge] section of the docs.

> ## Breaking changes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Breaking changes
```

> Forge has spent a considerable time in beta development; this is a list of breaking changes made in recent betas, so that users who have been using the later beta versions in their apps can more easily transition to the stable release.

Reviewer 2: Maybe specify the exact beta range you're pulling from

### Upgraded package dependency to `electron-packager@17` ([#2978](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2978))

The upgrade to Electron Packager 17 introduces the shiny new `@electron/osx-sign` package for macOS code signing. It's a rewrite of the old `electron-osx-sign` tool with more sensible defaults.

To migrate, we recommend seeing if the default `packagerConfig.osxSign` options work for you and tweaking the default entitlements to your needs. Otherwise, see the `@electron/osx-sign` [MIGRATION.md](https://github.com/electron/osx-sign/blob/main/MIGRATION.md) doc for a 1:1 conversion from the old config options to the new ones.

### Renamed Electron Rebuild config ([#2963](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2963))

For consistency with the `packagerConfig` option for `electron-packager`, the field to configure `@electron/rebuild` has now been shortened to `rebuildConfig`.

```diff
{
-  electronRebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
+  rebuildConfig: { /* ... */ }
}
```

### Renamed `identity-validation` to`identityValidation` ([#2959](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2959))

> The field to configure `identity-validation` has now been shortened to `identityValidation`.

Reviewer 2: maybe mention this is for the osxSign part of the config

Author: can you elaborate? I'm not sure I follow

Reviewer 2: This property is pretty deep in the Forge config.

```js
module.exports = {
 packagerConfig: {
   osxSign: {
     identityValidation: 'foo'
   }
 }
}
```

It'd be good to make that clearer

Reviewer 2: On second thought, I actually think there are more breaking changes in the `@electron/osx-sign` migration than just this one property, so I think this section is misleading.

We can flesh this out tomorrow but the tool's default code signing entitlements are different (and should work out of the box without additional configuration) and the way we set entitlements is different as well I think.

A hacky 1:1 migration looks something like this https://github.com/electron/osx-sign/blob/main/MIGRATION.md#direct-migration

Author: Good catch- I've moved this breaking change to be a subheading within the `electron-packager@17` changes so that it's more logically cohesive with the `osx-sign` changes as a preliminary step. I've also added a title in the diff for `identityValidation` so that it specifies where in the config it lies.

We should do another review to flesh this section out and make sure we catch all breaking changes tomorrow morning though.

1
```diff
{
-  identity-validation: ""
+  identityValidation: ""
}
```

### Removed `@electron-forge/template-typescript` template ([#2948](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/fc9421d513300b98c987af41ae71cb5d7e696fd1))

- this has been removed in favor of the [Webpack + TypeScript Template].

### Removed `lint` command ([#2964](https://github.com/electron/forge/pull/2964))

### Removed `install` command ([#2958](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/6b215b0c1d91c998bb2ab953b502e87868527ed9))

> ## A call to action:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Feedback wanted!
```

Author: I think we should stick with `a call to action`, or modify this to `Submit your Feedback to us!` 

- employing a push-style call to action phrase is better to incite desired action from readers

Reviewer 2: I wasn't sure if "A call to action" was a placeholder for "add a CTA here" LOL

Author: LOL v understandable- I'm gonna change this to `Submit your feedback!` so readers don't think the same way

Forge v6 comes with a [webpack template] that makes use of the new `@electron-forge/plugin-webpack` module, plus some preset Webpack configuration options. Configuration instructions can be found in the [docs](https://www.electronforge.io/config/plugins/webpack).

The addition of webpack support brings several webpack features to your Forge app. Notable features include but are not limited to:
- Hot module reloading
- DevServer support
- Adding content security policies
- Native module support

## The Forge API has moved

If you aren't already on the beta version of Forge, since the previous stable release the Forge v5 API has been refactored into its own separate node module. The new refactored Forge [Core API] exposes the v5 Forge API methods as well as a number of utility functions to Node, allowing you call them from within your own code.

This release also adds access to the Core API from your command line interface in the form of another [CLI API]. At a high level, this is a wrapper for the Forge Core API that is accessible from the terminal.

> ## Breaking changes since beta:

Reviewer: Let's do a pass of this by Wednesday EOD to make sure we got all breaking changes:
* Listed here
* Updated in docs

- renamed the default repository branch from `master` to `main` ([#2946](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/d28974e35b5e64aa94e6cc53dce36c8e53f5b5bf))
- renamed `electronRebuildConfig` to `rebuildConfig` ([placeholdercommitmsg](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/pull/2963))
- renamed `identity-validation` to`identityValidation` ([#2959](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge/commit/dba9359026b6b72479bff8133ec0c2c2e05d5595))

> ## A Call to Action:

Reviewer 2: general formatting thing: we usually do Title Case for the blog title but Sentence case for headings
```suggestion
## A call to action:
```
